Installation:

1) Download the installer and run it.
2) Point it at your Hearts of Iron 3 folder - the one with hoi3_tfh.exe in it.
   It will usually have found it already. If you pick the wrong folder it tells
   you so instead of installing into it.
3) Press Install, then launch the game from the BlackICE shortcut it creates.

That is all. The installer does the rest for you:
 - patches hoi3_tfh.exe so the game can use 4 GB of memory
 - moves the unused 3D unit sprites aside (frees around 300 MB)
 - installs any missing Microsoft runtimes (C++, DirectX 9.0c, .NET 3.5)
 - sets up the mod and a shortcut that launches straight into BlackICE

You no longer need to download Podcat's LAA exe, run the ExePatcher, or press
"Remove Sprites" in the Utility. Those steps are done during the install.


If you already have an older BlackICE installed:

Just install the new one over it. The installer lists the older versions it
finds, shows how much space each takes, and offers to remove them - ticked by
default.

Your saved games are not touched. They are not kept in the game folder at all,
but here:

    Documents\Paradox Interactive\Hearts of Iron III\BlackICE <version>\

Each version has its own folder there, holding its saves and its settings.txt.
Removing a version from the game folder leaves that alone, so you can reinstall
it later and carry on where you left off.

Only the newest version appears in Windows' installed apps list. If you want to
drop an old version later without reinstalling, start the uninstaller: it asks
which versions to remove, and removing only some of them leaves BlackICE
installed and the game untouched.


Options in the installer:

 - DXVK: reduces RAM usage by up to 700 MB, which helps stability a lot. Needs a
   GPU supporting Vulkan 1.3 - you can look yours up online, and you may need to
   update your drivers. Off by default.

 - Borderless window: lets the game run in a window with no border, filling the
   screen, and fixes the mouse cursor in windowed mode. Off by default.

   Ticking it only puts the file in place. It does nothing until you switch the
   game to windowed mode and turn it on, which takes two edits:

   1. In your settings.txt, set:

          fullScreen=no

      settings.txt is per version, in
      Documents\Paradox Interactive\Hearts of Iron III\BlackICE <version>\
      NOT the settings.txt in the game folder - that one is not the one the
      game reads.

   2. Start the game once. That creates
      Documents\Paradox Interactive\v2winfix.ini
      Open it and set:

          [v2winfix]
          borderless=1

   Optional, if your monitor is larger than the resolution you play at: the
   window can be stretched to fill the screen with the cursor still lining up.
   Add the resolution you play at as "original" and your monitor's as
   "stretched":

          [dsafe]
          original_X=1920
          original_Y=1080
          stretched_X=2560
          stretched_Y=1440

   The game still renders at the original resolution, so it may look slightly
   blurry.

   To turn borderless off again, set borderless=0 in v2winfix.ini.


If you use the Steam version:

The installer will warn you and then carry on. It works, but Steam replaces
files it owns when it verifies the install, which would undo the memory patch.
If the game becomes unstable again later, move the game folder out of Steam,
launch it with launcher.exe in future, and run the installer once more.


Removing it:

Use "BlackICE" in Windows' installed apps list. It asks which versions to
remove, and then whether to put the original hoi3_tfh.exe, the 3D sprites and
the game's lua5.1.dll back, so you can return the game to exactly how it was.


Troubleshooting:

The installer shows a "System check" page listing what it found and what is
missing. If the game will not start, that page is the first thing to look at -
the most common cause is a missing Microsoft runtime, which it will install for
you.
